# Project proposal
During the course, I would like to work with architecture photography, but my intention is to approach this genre in two different ways, which reflect my two main learning objectives: I want the project to consist in a series of creative exercises, and in particular in something that makes me consider architecture from an unconventional point of view, and at the same time to be an occasion to improve my technical abilities when it comes to more traditional architecture photography.

In order to achieve both goals, my idea is for the project to consist in a set of pairs of photographs of more or less known buildings and landmarks in Göteborg. Each pair should be composed of a picture, taken in an experimental spirit, that tries to give a new perspective on the building, without fear (or perhaps even with the objective!) of making it unrecognizable, and a more "classical", formally correct picture that makes the building immediately identifiable. In a way, the fist picture of each pair acts as a riddle, whose solution is given by the second one.

In the past, I occasionally experimented with the former type of photographs. I was sometimes inspired by so-called "abstract architecture" (cf. Ola Kolehmainen), and as a consequence focused on geometries and patterns. In other instances, I was driven by different ideas, like emphasizing only a small detail, using reflections on water and other glass-made buildings or playing with the light and the presence (or absence) of people. Another idea that I find stimulating but never tried to transfer to photography yet is that behind Jörgen Svensson's work "Pizzeria", which made me reflect on the role of each building in a playful spirit. 
While I enjoyed experimenting, I never managed to put an internally coherent set of pictures of this kind together and I hope this course will give me a chance on that. Another important aspects of engaging in a project like this in the context of a course is the exchange of ideas I could have with my classmates and teachers, who might well come up with more interesting ideas than my own.

When it comes to the latter style, I have basically just examined the work of some photographers I admire, like Gabriele Basilico. Doing so has helped me identifying the obvious flaws in my sporadic attempts of imitation, but I need to take the time to experiment with this genre in a more systematic way to actually learn how to produce images of comparable quality. Again, participating in a course would certainly motivate me to do so, and receiving some feedback from both instructors and peers would help me identifying the mistakes I am not aware of. 

In terms of equipment and materials, I am confident that good results in a project like this can be achieved with the minimal photography gear that is currently available to me, consisting in a mirrorless digital camera with 24-75mm equivalent lens and a tripod, which might play a more crucial role here than it usually does in my previous projects.

Coming from street photography, I generally do not make use of any form of complex editing, but I think this project might justify spending some time learning more about post-production. In particular, mostly for the more "classical" pictures, I am interested in learning how to combine several shots together, both to merge them into a single "panoramic" image and to remove distracting elements. These are things I conceptually know how to do in the open-source software I generally use for small retouches, but that I never tried to put to use with the objective of obtaining high quality results.